Add create simple on-chain blog tutorial (#22)
sporeprotocol/spore-docs: docs/tutorials/2-create-simple-on-chain-blog-step-by-step/index.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

> # Creating simple on-chain blog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating Simple On-Chain Blog
```

> ## Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> This tutorial will guide you through the process of using the Spore Protocol to create an on-chain blog. With the Spore Protocol, you can store your blog posts fully on the blockchain and allow others to access them. Following my footsteps will realize a simple on-chain blog, just like the online demo I deployed here: [https://spore-blog-tutorial.vercel.app](https://spore-blog-tutorial.vercel.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will guide you through the process of using the Spore Protocol to build an on-chain blog. By the end, you'll have your own basic on-chain blog, similar to the one demonstrated here: [https://spore-blog-tutorial.vercel.app](https://spore-blog-tutorial.vercel.app/)
```

> Here is the code repository that goes along with this tutorial: [https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-blog-tutorial](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-blog-tutorial). You can view or checkout different branches to see the code at different stages. I will also let you know which branch corresponds to each stage when it ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the code repository for this tutorial at: [Spore Blog Tutorial Repository](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-blog-tutorial). In this repository, you can explore different branches to see the code at various stages of development. We will clearly indicate which branch corresponds to each stage as we progress.
```
